So, when I write code,
sometimes I make mistakes.
Honestly, this happens to everybody,
even the most experienced programmers.
Fortunately, pretty much all programming languages
have mechanisms for detecting our mistakes,
and letting us know about them by displaying error messages.
Error messages not only draw our attention to the problem,
but they also often give us information to help us diagnose the issue and fix it.
For instance, Python will display an error message that
tells you what line an error occurred on,
and what kind of error took place.
You'll see a message such as name error,
or syntax error, and it'll always come with a line number.
Now the line numbers aren't always entirely correct.
Sometimes they're off by one or two,
but they're usually a really good guide to
where to start looking for the error in your code.
Up next, we have a piece of code that has a number of bugs in it.
As you work with this code,
you'll fix the bugs and the line numbers on
the error messages will guide you to just where you need to put your attention.